k
great no other place great no place for
me not on late night
are you doing your deed and timid
director of campaigns for our to hear a
Toronto we've just completed our shark
March to save the Sharks to save our own
sense to serve our planet we walk
through china town today and we had a
police escort which showed up everything
we had at least 70 people that showed up
we had a lot of chance going on keeping
the loop don't eat soup to say to take a
chuck fin and we educated a lot of
people on the oceans as well last night
there was a you said that there was a
free airing of shark water and that was
very successful as well before the shark
March we had a free showing of shark
water and we received balia eighty
percent new faces and we did some of
those people show up today to support
our March so it's a very inspirational
long movie which really helped us
educate the people that showed up and
they were all in shock and we all need
to know that stuff my final question
would be on people who want to continue
the momentum that you've started across
the United States and maybe even
internationally how can they do this to
make contact in the contact
international we are a lot of
organizations around the world that are
all playing the hero international share
of the shark globally is also there's a
lot of good topping that are trying to
all combining together to put this
message out we are not ending as of
today we are going to continue in do our
best to change even in serc products
like shark cartilage that Connecticut
for cancer plus one building supplies
that such courage in it dog biscuits
Sarah cartilage and I people need to be
educated on that we need to stop all
short products in order to save our
oceans to save our sharks thank you so
much thank you so very much i know
you're cold out there and and just last
night we put up one of our reporters
called in from malaysia there were a
white tip sharks played out in a market
they were juveniles I'd be surprised if
they had actually been born and they
were finless and they were laid out in a
market very sad and and and I just want
to say how much we appreciate you doing
all the great work you do and I look
forward to talking with you soon oh just
say oh I don't bother with us say and I
even asked her what she would say in his
passing to someone to know what sucks
and she said we need to stop this
because I don't want to kill her this
when I'm older and that's what she said
to me and I thought that was just
fantastic I agree your daughter sounds
remarkable thank you so much and um and
we'll talk soon Thank You Georgina we'll
talk soon